# generic-chatbot
Generic Chatbot Augmentation Platform
## Abstract
The Project titled “Generic Chatbot Augmentation Platform” is a tool for a user where they can request a chatbot for their website. The Platform will be outputting a simple link that can be embedded in any website’s front end. The chatbot can be powered by any service provider, Google’s Dialogflow, Amazon Lex, Microsoft LUIS, or IBM Watson. The Generic nature of the software in question allows the developer/administrator to simply attach-detach the provider from behind. In other words, the client can request any service provider or their plans and according to the budget & allowances, the administrator can route their requests to that particular provider. This enables a simple add/remove package strategy to the software where module-by-module development is possible and integration simplicity is maxed out. The project as visible to the user will just be a portal dashboard where he/she, as a super-admin, controls the admins. And these admins in command can control the data that is being fed to the chatbot. The user on the other hand will just be looking at the chatbot and asking it various sorts of questions and this chatbot will be replying to the user accordingly. The Machine Learning technique involved in this project is totally covered by Google’s Dialogflow and the other providers individually. This project deals with remote login and API Calls to the provider servers. The backend of the project is in Node.js, the frontend is in Angular.js/HTML/CSS, the ORM used is Sequelize, and the database is MySQL. The generic nature allows us to change the database and the provider without touching the app-level code.
